COMMANDS.md, before:

# Bot Commands and Features

## Commands
### !hb
Heartbeat, returns the uptime of the bot. Just something I use for debug to ensure hosting is OK.

### !enlist <@user>
Will add all the Recruit roles to the @'d user. Will not work on users that are already enlisted.

### !role <merc/rep/visitor> <@user>
Adds the merc/rep/visitor role to a user.

### !attend
Updates the 'Last Seen' dates on the master doc for the users currently connected to the invoker's voice channel. Can only be used in a voice channel otherwise command will fail.

## Latent Features
### Signups Automation 
The bot will automatically send announcements every morning at 8am and add reactions in #⁠📢event-announcements as long as it has one or more of the following emojis: :RegimentalColours:, :KingsColours:, or :UnionColours:.
Replying to a message with 'unreact' will remove the bot's reactions. Note reactions will only be removed if at least one other user has also reacted with that emoji.
### Welcome DMs
The bot will automatically send a welcome message to any new members who join the discord.
### Gaming Reactions
The bot will grant or remove gaming reactions based on the user's reactions

Commit message:

Integrated total attendance sheet with !attend command

COMMANDS.md, after:

# Bot Commands and Features

## Commands
### !hb
Heartbeat, returns the uptime of the bot. Just something I use for debug to ensure hosting is OK.

### !enlist <@user>
Will add all the Recruit roles to the @'d user. Will not work on users that are already enlisted.

### !role <merc/rep/visitor> <@user>
Adds the merc/rep/visitor role to a user.

### !attend
Updates the 'Last Seen' dates on the master doc for the users currently connected to the invoker's voice channel, and updates the attendance sheet with the total number of members in the call. Can only be used in a voice channel otherwise command will fail.

## Latent Features
### Signups Automation 
The bot will automatically send announcements every morning at 8am and add reactions in #⁠📢event-announcements as long as it has one or more of the following emojis: :RegimentalColours:, :KingsColours:, or :UnionColours:.
Replying to a message with 'unreact' will remove the bot's reactions. Note reactions will only be removed if at least one other user has also reacted with that emoji.
### Welcome DMs
The bot will automatically send a welcome message to any new members who join the discord.
### Gaming Reactions
The bot will grant or remove gaming reactions based on the user's reactions
